[DOCS-14160] Document code-exec toolset (Preview) for MCP Server (#36732)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/mcp_server/tools.md

- Find the Datadog user account for jane.doe@example.com.

> ## Code Exec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Code Execution
```

> A sandboxed TypeScript runtime that lets an AI agent write code with direct access to Datadog APIs, instead of issuing many sequential tool calls. A single code block can query logs, metrics, traces, services, and changes together, correlate the results inline, and return a structured summary. This reduces the number of round-trips needed for multi-signal investigations and ad-hoc data exploration.

Reviewer: Most other toolset sections reproduce the same short description from the list on setup.md. We can follow the same pattern with a short intro here, and add some of these details to the tool description further down.
```suggestion
A single tool that runs agent-authored TypeScript in a Datadog-managed sandbox with direct access to Datadog APIs, for multi-signal investigation and ad-hoc data exploration in one call.
```

<div class="alert alert-info">The <code>code-exec</code> toolset is in Preview. Contact <a href="/help">Datadog support</a> to request access.</div>

Code executed by this toolset runs against your Datadog APIs using your own user identity. The sandbox applies your existing [role permissions][56] to every API call, so an agent can only read or modify data that you can already access in Datadog.

### `execute_code`
*Toolset: **code-exec***\

> *Permissions Required: `mcp_read` and `mcp_write`. At runtime, the sandbox also enforces your existing resource permissions (for example, `Logs Read`, `APM Read`, `Dashboards Write`) for each Datadog API call the code makes.*\

Reviewer: This sounds like the same behavior as other tools and toolsets, which we already document across the board [here](https://docs-staging.datadoghq.com/kitfre/code-exec-preview-docs/bits_ai/mcp_server/setup/?tab=claude#required-permissions): _all_ tools require `mcp_read` and `mcp_write`, and users need permissions for any underlying Datadog resource they want to access.

If this tool doesn't have any unique requirements beyond this, we can omit some of this wording while still reinforcing/reminding the reader:
```suggestion
### `execute_code`
*Toolset: **code-exec***\
*Permissions Required: Any product-specific role permissions needed to access the underlying Datadog resources the executed code interacts with (for example, `Logs Read` to read logs).
```

Author: Cool I omitted this but for what it's worth not all tools require both, all require `mcp_read` but only some require `mcp_write` (the more write-y destructive-y tools)

Reviewer: Gotcha, good to know. I think about whether to adjust the setup page to make this distinction clearer, but that can be outside this particular PR.

> Executes agent-authored TypeScript in a Datadog-managed sandbox. The code receives a `dd.*` namespace with helpers for querying logs, metrics, traces, services, change events, incidents, monitors, dashboards, and other Datadog APIs, and returns a structured value back to the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executes AI agent-authored TypeScript in a Datadog-managed sandbox. The code receives a `dd.*` namespace with helpers for querying logs, metrics, traces, services, change events, incidents, monitors, dashboards, and other Datadog APIs, and returns a structured value back to the agent. This can reduce the number of round-trips needed for multi-signal investigations and ad-hoc data exploration.
```

- For the `checkout-api` service in the last two hours, pull error logs, latency metrics, and recent deployments together and tell me which deployment lines up with the error spike.

> - Compare error-span counts, monitor alerts, and config changes for the `payments` service over the last day, and surface anything that moved at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compare error-span counts, monitor alerts, and config changes for the `payments` service over the last day, and identify anything that moved at the same time.
```
